# SeniorSeminar
AP Computer Science A: The task was to load a file of students into seminars as well as create a schedule of five sessions in five time slots to create the least conflicts. I had a student class, session class, and a main class. The SrSeminar text file is the file with the data that I loaded in. The SeniorSeminarRoster is the outputted TXT file that is also a requirement. In case you run the code and it doesn't update, delete the file that replit creates when rerunning the code, otherwise you won't see the new TXT file. Also, some assumptions were made in this approach. The people who did not fill out the form and list preferred sessions got the first sessions that were not full. The method is to count up the votes for each session, place every session at least once, and then repeat the top 7 sessions. The sessions were placed vertically, from top to bottom in each column based on popularity. This is so more students can attend the most popular sessions. There is also a minimum votes required for each session to get before it is placed in the schedule. But in my code, I made this variable zero. However, it allows the user to choose (ex. minVotes is 5 and a session only has 4 votes so it will not be placed). In this method, the priority of 1st preference and so forth is dropped. However, the preference of each student is maintained as the code looks at their first session, then the second, and so forth. If a student does not get all their top five choices, the code will place them at the least popular session (the last of the five sessions in that hour), and move backwards if the session is full. At the end, a 5x5 grid of the schedules is printed, a list of the sessions in order by row with attendees, and the students and the five sessions they are attending. I only had 84 conflicts at the end.
